Update font_manager to only use registry on Win (#24655)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/next_api_changes/behavior/24655-AK.rst

On windows only fonts known to the registry will be discovered
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Previously, Matplotlib would recursively walk user and system font directories
to discover fonts, however this lead to a number of undesirable behaviors
including finding deleted fonts.  Now Matplotlib will only find fonts that are
known to the Windows.

This means that any user installed fonts must got through the Windows font
installer rather than simply being copied to the correct folder.

This only impacts the set of fonts Matplotlib will consider when using

> `matplotlib.font_manager.find_font`, directly pass the path to a font to use an
> arbitrary font (see :doc:`/gallery/text_labels_and_annotations/fonts_file`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`matplotlib.font_manager.findfont`, directly pass the path to a font to use an
arbitrary font (see :doc:`/gallery/text_labels_and_annotations/font_file`).
```

On Windows only fonts known to the registry will be discovered
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Previously, Matplotlib would recursively walk user and system font directories
to discover fonts, however this lead to a number of undesirable behaviors
including finding deleted fonts. Now Matplotlib will only find fonts that are
known to the Windows registry.

This means that any user installed fonts must go through the Windows font
installer rather than simply being copied to the correct folder.

This only impacts the set of fonts Matplotlib will consider when using
`matplotlib.font_manager.findfont`. To use an arbitrary font, directly pass the

> path to a font to use an arbitrary font (see

Reviewer: No, I misread your suggestion.
